Fix ambiguity in last paragraph regarding usage of statics (#11057)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/migration/claimsprincipal-current.md

  * Get an instance of `IHttpContextAccessor` during startup and store it in a static variable. The instance is made available to code that was previously retrieving the current user from a static property.
  * Retrieve the current user's `ClaimsPrincipal` using `HttpContextAccessor.HttpContext?.User`. If this code is used outside of the context of an HTTP request, the `HttpContext` is null.

> The final option, using the static property on the `HttpContextAccessor` class, is contrary to ASP.NET Core principles (preferring injected dependencies to static dependencies). Plan to eventually remove the dependency on the static `HttpContextAccessor` helper. It can be a useful bridge, though, when migrating large existing ASP.NET apps that were previously using `ClaimsPrincipal.Current`.

Reviewer: I think this is still a little ambiguous. The thing we're recommending against here is storing an instance of `IHttpContextAccessor` in a static (whether it's in a helper class or not is less relevant). How about something like: 

```suggestion
The final option, using an `IHttpContextAccessor` instance stored in a static variable, is contrary to ASP.NET Core principles (preferring injected dependencies to static dependencies). Plan to eventually retrieve `IHttpContextAccessor` or `HttpContext` instances from dependency injection, instead. A static helper can be a useful bridge, though, when migrating large existing ASP.NET apps that were previously using `ClaimsPrincipal.Current`.
```

Author: I understand the motivation behind the recommendation. But since the framework provides the `HttpContextAccessor.HttpContext` static, that will be the main source of use of a static accessor for most people, and at least for me, giving an example makes it really obvious. Perhaps the following wording: 

> The final option, using an `IHttpContextAccessor` instance stored in a static variable, is contrary to ASP.NET Core principles (preferring injected dependencies to static dependencies). Plan to eventually remove the use of all static accessors such as `HttpContextAccessor.HttpContext` and retrieve `IHttpContextAccessor` or `HttpContext` instances from dependency injection instead. A static helper can be a useful bridge, though, when migrating large existing ASP.NET apps that were previously using `ClaimsPrincipal.Current`.

And since you are already encouraging people to use DI, what would make it painfully obvious, is to add an `[Obsolete]` on the `HttpContextAccessor` helper for v3. Is that something you have considered?

Reviewer 2: @mahic HttpContextAccessor is not static, nor is HttpContextAccessor.HttpContext. What we discourage is storing IHttpContextAccessor into your own static field. AspNetCore does not provide any static field containing an IHttpContextAccessor. @mjrousos's description is more accurate.

@mjrousos HttpContext cannot be retrieved directly from DI, only via IHttpContextAccessor.

Reviewer: @Tratcher Good catch about HttpContext not coming from DI.

> The final option, using an `IHttpContextAccessor` instance stored in a static variable, is contrary to ASP.NET Core principles (preferring injected dependencies to static dependencies). Plan to eventually retrieve `IHttpContextAccessor` or `HttpContext` instances from dependency injection instead. A static helper can be a useful bridge, though, when migrating large existing ASP.NET apps that were previously using `ClaimsPrincipal.Current`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The final option, using an `IHttpContextAccessor` instance stored in a static variable, is contrary to ASP.NET Core principles (preferring injected dependencies to static dependencies). Plan to eventually retrieve `IHttpContextAccessor` instances from dependency injection instead. A static helper can be a useful bridge, though, when migrating large existing ASP.NET apps that were previously using `ClaimsPrincipal.Current`.
```
